fails:IO.copy_stream from an IO to an IO starts writing at the destination IO's current position
fails:IO.copy_stream from a file name to an IO starts writing at the destination IO's current position
fails:IO.copy_stream from a pipe IO raises an error when an offset is specified
fails:IO.copy_stream from a pipe IO to an IO starts writing at the destination IO's current position
fails:IO.copy_stream with non-IO Objects calls #readpartial on the source Object if defined
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO does change the IO offset when an offset is not specified
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to a file name copies the entire IO contents to the file
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to a file name returns the number of bytes copied
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to a file name calls #to_path to convert on object to a file name
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to a file name copies only length bytes from the offset
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to an IO copies the entire IO contents to the IO
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to an IO returns the number of bytes copied
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to an IO leaves the destination IO position at the last write
windows:IO.copy_stream from an IO to an IO copies only length bytes from the offset
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name calls #to_path to convert on object to a file name
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to a file name copies the entire IO contents to the file
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to a file name returns the number of bytes copied
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to a file name calls #to_path to convert on object to a file name
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to a file name copies only length bytes from the offset
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to an IO copies the entire IO contents to the IO
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to an IO returns the number of bytes copied
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to an IO leaves the destination IO position at the last write
windows:IO.copy_stream from a file name to an IO copies only length bytes from the offset
windows:IO.copy_stream with non-IO Objects calls #read on the source Object
